okay COBOL form so here is my problem
it's pretty dark in my car right now
even though I've got both the lights on
anyway there is my shifter at the boot
off right now see well it's too dark to
see down into the linkage very wall
right now but here is the problem it's
pretty obvious okay so I go you know
neutral right now
I go to put the car in first and okay so
I'm not sure if you heard that sound but
now I don't have anything
the linkage has popped off and I'm not
sure if anything is severely damaged in
there but if I take the linkage and
sorry for my hands being all weird here
I take the linkage and pop it back in
just have to find where to fall and it's
hard to do with the can we set the
camera down sorry for the darkness
I go ahead and snap it back in there we
go back together now if I want to
actually get into first I have to hold
my hand down here under where the cup
holder should be and hold the linkage
together while I get it into first now I
think my car still has a warranty that
expires this year so I'm I'm hoping that
I can get this free but if not I was
wondering if anyone has any price range
on what they shifter linkage costs
because I obviously need one